fine I met Bush can you can trust Star
Wars
it belongs in a museum
storyboards all your favorite animation
movies TV shows and video games are
storyboarded ahead of time even an
episode of your favorite how to draw a
show like this begins with a script and
free visualization but what exactly are
storyboards essentially storyboards are
quick sketches that indicate what the
final product will look like many of
your favorite to entertainment companies
are taking previz even further by
animating storyboards what for
well storyboards can help sell your
project for funding before production
they can also help producers figure out
how many cameras are needed for each
location and be a checklist so no shots
are missed as well they can serve as a
template for final editing storyboards
are often drawn on templates like this
one and unlike comic books where the
panels can change sizes the aspect ratio
meaning the numerical value of the
height and width relationship is always
the same you may notice the difference
in aspect ratio when watching clips on
TV or online where at times you have a
wider screen with black bars at the top
and bottom and other times where it's
full screen there are many different
aspect ratios you can work with but the
ones you'll see most often are three by
four which is most standard television
and computer monitors sixteen by nine
which is a bit wider most movies you see
are this size because traditionally this
is the size for 35 millimeter film and
lastly true cinah scope widescreen
projection
traditionally shot in 70 millimeter and
used for epic movies like Star Wars the
idea is to plan everything visually on
paper first more you have solved ahead
of time the smoother your production
will go storyboards keep everyone on the
same page no pun intended
storyboarding can be a massive
undertaking for your project but in the
end you'll have saved a ton of time and
energy alright well so even an episode
like this uses a lot of storyboards for
example I've got the storyboards here
for this episode let's see the next
thing that happens is
a bunch of stormtroopers come in from
all sides and surround me
one of the great places you can get an
excellent crash course on storyboarding
is often in the DVD bonus features of
your favorite movie they'll often have
extras like storyboard to film
comparisons where you can see firsthand
how shots were planned out ahead of time
you may also want to revisit the last
episode on comic books shots and angles
basically storyboards are comic book
panels but in film and animation we
often call those shots framing heights
as well storyboards usually aren't
rendered as much as comics because all
you really need to show is an indication
of what's happening visually see if you
can pick up how these quick storyboards
plan this animation sequence
alright alright the port and it's worth
the best
I said we'd come out of hyperspace in
the middle of material convoys these
fighters got more of a chance
autumn says the chances of survival are
so much that you pipe to one I'm glad
you're here to tell us
I got a bad feeling about this
as always you can find a ton of tips on
drawing and visual storytelling in the
book you can draw Star Wars
loose if hostess hope